[Music]
why our modern relationship so fragile
every single day people all around the
world get divorced or visit a
psychologist to recover after a hard
breakup like my goodbye
nowadays a family as a social
institution is going through a hard time
in all developed countries why is it
like this
why is it so difficult to keep a
relationship strong and healthy why do
we fail at love so often despite trying
so hard let's look at 11 important
reason one we're not prepared you marry
me yes often we're not ready to
compromise sacrifice ourselves and love
unconditionally we don't want to wait we
want to have everything at once we don't
let our feelings grow too often putting
a time limit on what we think we should
be feeling and when when some troubles
or changes occur we don't want to
compromise with our beloved's and spend
time on restoring relationships we
simply give up and start looking for an
easier option
don't touch me I hate you I hate you too
we confuse love with other feelings if
you often want to meet someone who will
join us in the cinema or a night club
not the one who can understand and
support us in a moment of deep sorrow no
one wants to have a boring life that's
why we're looking for a cheerful
companion who can turn our lives into an
adventure but we're not always ready for
change which inevitably comes after a
certain period of romantic and mutual
affection next time to the person who
tries to listen to you rather than one
who is just good company for having fun
three we get stuck in a rut okay I
mistake what are you trying to put it in
after a while we don't have time for
love because we're too busy chasing
material benefits work study shopping
new cars new phones we don't have space
for love we are too busy with our daily
routine and careers so we don't have
time for developing relationships as a
result our relationships with or without
our attention just like flowers with or
without water
for we're waiting for an immediate
result when we fall in love we want our
relationships to be mature this maturity
as well as mutual understanding can only
come after years spend together
you look wonderful most people today
think that there's nothing in this life
that's worth their time and patience
even love it seems we've forgotten that
the best thing takes time five we prefer
to waste our strength
many of us would likely prefer to spend
an hour with a hundred different people
than a day with one person nowadays
people believe that it's much better to
meet new people rather than getting to
know them better we're greedy and we
want everything all at once we start
relationships and then as soon as we
find a better variance we don't give the
best of us to a person but we want him
or her to be perfect we date lots of
people but hardly give a chance to
anyone
[Music]
but you are beautiful fix we're
dependent on technology let's admit the
technology has brought us closer we
check our accounts on Instagram and
Facebook every five minutes
and are always in touch with the whole
world we're so close that it sometimes
feels difficult to breathe text voice
messages chats and video calls have
replaced face-to-face communication we
don't have to spend time together
anymore we already know a lot about each
other from social media we have nothing
to talk about
seven we can't stay in one place for
long we think that we're not meant for
relationships and even the idea of
settling down scares us
we're generation of nomads who are
always ready to go somewhere far away
from home routine life and stable
relations we don't dedicate our lives to
one person anymore
and we avoid anything permanent we
actually despise permanence we are
always in pursuit of something better
and new and we don't even notice that we
already have everything we need 8 we
become sexually liberated our generation
has divided sex from love first people
have sex and then they decide whether
they want to be together today sex
outside of marriage is normal and things
like open relationships friends with
benefits and one-night stands have
become part of modern life sex without a
relationship is a norm these days
[Music]
9 we rely on logic way too often more
than I've ever loved anyone
I believe it longer for you that I've
ever waited for anyone few people from
younger generations in love with all the
heart and overcome difficulties
connected with time and distance you
prefer everything that is practical and
profitable including relationships we
are too sensible and careful our
generation doesn't do crazy things for
love anymore we weigh every single step
and prefer listening to our brains
rather than our heart what about you I'm
fine how's married life 10 we're afraid
of too many things what's your name
oh no I can't
we're afraid of new relationships
disappointments emotional wounds and
broken hearts and that's why we don't
let people into our lives
we're always guarded we're scared to get
hurt or to get our hearts broken we try
hard not to fall in love we don't let
anyone enter our hearts and rarely show
our real feelings and emotions we build
walls around ourselves and sometimes
they're too thick and high to let us
step out and see life as it really is 11
we don't appreciate relationships
anymore it means nothing to us to let a
person who loves us go we're too
disappointed in the people who surround
us we've forgotten how to fight for love
so we often step aside silently when
we're facing even the smallest troubles
with our relationships we don't
appreciate people around us and don't
want to make any effort to keep them
close to us we are too lazy and too busy
to make the first step towards our loved
ones do you agree with these points have
you gone through a hard breakup recently
share your thoughts in the comments
below don't forget to share this video
hit the like button and click subscribe
to stay on the bright side of life
[Music]